The first webcam watched a coffee pot. It allowed researchers at Cambridge to monitor the coffee situation without leaving their desks.
The entire state of Wyoming only has two escalators.
Ravens in captivity can learn to talk better than parrots.
The actor who was inside R2-D2 hated the guy who played C-3PO, calling him "the rudest man I've ever met."
It's a myth that no two snowflakes are exactly the same. In 1988, a scientist found two identical snow crystals. They came from a storm in Wisconsin.
The German word kummerspeck means excess weight gained from emotional overeating. Literally, grief bacon.
In 1939, Hitler's nephew wrote an article called "Why I Hate My Uncle." He came to the U.S., served in the Navy, and settled on Long Island.
In the 1980s, Pablo Escobar's Medellin Cartel was spending $2,500 a month on rubber bands just to hold all their cash.
The Vatican Bank is the world's only bank that allows ATM users to perform transactions in Latin.
Sea cucumbers eat with their feet.
Jacuzzi is a brand name. You can also buy Jacuzzi toilets and mattresses.
Fredric Baur invented the Pringles can. When he passed away in 2008, his ashes were buried in one.
There really was a Captain Morgan. He was a Welsh pirate who later became the lieutenant governor of Jamaica.
The sum of all the numbers on a roulette wheel is 666.
For $45, the U.S. Bureau of Engraving and Printing will sell you a 5-lb bag with $10,000 worth of shredded U.S. currency.
A baby can cost new parents 750 hours of sleep in the first year.(Note:Not a "fun" fact)
Brazil couldn't afford to send its athletes to the 1932 Olympics in Los Angeles. So they loaded their ship with coffee and sold it along the way.
In 1979, Japan offered new British PM Margaret Thatcher 20 "karate ladies" for protection at an economic summit. She declined.
Until 1954, stop signs were yellow.
Garbage trucks in Taipei play Beethoven's "Fur Elise" to let people know it's time to bring the trash out.
The only number whose letters are in alphabetical order is 40 (f-o-r-t-y).
In a 2008 survey, 58% of British teens thought Sherlock Holmes was a real guy, while 20% thought Winston Churchill was not.
Nutella was invented during WWII, when an Italian pastry maker mixed hazelnuts into chocolate to extend his chocolate ration.
A British man changed his name to Tim Pppppppppprice to make it harder for telemarketers to pronounce.
12+1 = 11+2, and "twelve plus one" is an anagram of "eleven plus two."
After Leonardo da Vinci's death, King Francis I of France hung the Mona Lisa in his bathroom.
If you start counting at one and spell out the numbers as you go, you won't use the letter "A" until you reach 1,000.
Marie Curie's notebooks are still radioactive. Researchers hoping to view them must sign a disclaimer.
